                        FOUR JS DEVELOPMENT TOOLS

                        END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT


This End User License Agreement ("End User License Agreement") is between you,
either an individual or an entity, ("Licensee" or "You") and Four Js
Development Tools Ltd. ("Four Js").

BY OPENING THE SEALED MEDIA PACKAGE, CLICKING ON 'ACCEPT' AT THE FOOT OF THIS
AGREEMENT VIA THE WEB-SITE, USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, OR USING THE ACTIVATION
KEY OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS END USER
LICENSE AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS. IF YOU DO
NOT SO AGREE, YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS TO USE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE; INSTEAD YOU MUST
COMPLY IMMEDIATELY WITH THE PROCEDURES IN SECTION 8.3(ii) BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND HAVE NOT ALREADY USED
THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, YOU MAY OBTAIN A REFUND UPON YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH THE
STANDARD RETURN PROCEDURES OF FOUR JS. THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT IS
EFFECTIVE AS OF THE DATE YOU OPEN THE SEALED MEDIA PACKAGE, USE THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE, OR USE THE ACTIVATION KEY OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE (THE "EFFECTIVE
DATE").


1. DEFINITIONS

As used in this End User License Agreement:

"Documentation" means the user manuals (in written or electronic form) provided
to Licensee along with the Licensed Software.

"Executable Code" means the fully compiled version of a software program that
can be executed by a computer and used by an end user without further
compilation.

"Licensed Software" means the software program or programs for which Licensee
has purchased a license (including, for Licensees of the "Class A" products
defined in Section 10.1 only, any runtime modules intended for redistribution by
Licensee (the Redistributables"), and any modified, updated or enhanced versions
of such programs that Four Js may provide to Licensee pursuant to this End User
License Agreement or to a separate Service Level Agreement.

"License Activation Key" means the serial number that is purchased by Licensee
from Four Js and is required to unlock the Licensed Software to make it
function. The License Activation Key is synonymous with the License.

"Source Code" means the human-readable version of a software program that can be
compiled into Executable Code.


2. LICENSE GRANTS

Subject to Licensee's full compliance with the terms and conditions of this End
User License Agreement, Four Js grants to Licensee (i) a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use the Licensed Software (in Executable Code form
only) only in accordance with the Documentation, and to make a single copy of
the Licensed Software solely for backup or archival purposes; and (ii) (for
Licensees of the "Class A" products defined in Section 10.1 only) a
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use, reproduce, and distribute
(solely to end users who have purchased appropriate runtime licenses from Four
Js) the Redistributables (in Executable Code form only) solely as part of an
application developed by Licensee. Licensee may not distribute Redistributables
on a standalone basis. The Licensed Software may only be used in accordance with
the Documentation. Four Js grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to use the Documentation. When applicable, Four Js will communicate a
new activation key if Licensee certifies in writing that Licensee must install
the Licensed Software on a new computer because of update, theft, or breakdown.
This license is granted to Licensee only for the number of concurrent users
specified in a valid purchase order accepted by Four Js and paid for by
Licensee. Four Js will make certain Enhancements generally available to
Licensee provided that Licensee separately subscribes to Support and
Maintenance. Regardless of such subscription, if Four Js provides Licensee with
any update of the Licensed Software, Licensee agrees to adopt such update within
thirty (30) days of the release of each such update. If any such update is
deemed urgent by Four Js in its reasonable, good faith discretion, Licensee
shall make every reasonable effort to adopt such urgent update as soon as
possible. The parties also acknowledge that the License Activation Key is the
exclusive property of Licensee.


3. RESTRICTIONS ON USE

Licensee acknowledges that the Licensed Software and its structure, sequence,
organization and Source Code constitute valuable trade secrets of Four Js
and/or its suppliers. Accordingly, except as specifically authorized herein,
Licensee agrees not to (a) modify, adapt, alter, translate, or create derivative
works from the Licensed Software; (b) sublicense, lease, rent, loan, disclose,
or otherwise transfer or allow use of the Licensed Software to or by any third
party, including outsourcing personnel, (c) reverse engineer, decompile,
disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the Source Code of the Licensed
Software; or (d) otherwise use or copy the Licensed Software. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, decompiling the Licensed Software is permitted to the extent the
laws of Licensee's jurisdiction give Licensee the right to do so to obtain
information necessary to render the Licensed Software interoperable with other
software; provided, however, that Licensee must first request such information
from Four Js and Four Js may, in its discretion, either provide such
information to Licensee or impose reasonable conditions, including a reasonable
fee, on such use of the Licensed Software to ensure that Four Js' and its
suppliers' proprietary rights in the Licensed Software are protected. Licensee
agrees not to use the license rights granted to the Licensed Software to develop
or market a product similar to or competitive with the Licensed Software.


4. ORDERING, ACCEPTANCE, PRICING AND PAYMENTS

The terms and conditions of Licensee's standard purchase order (or any other
document submitted) that conflict with or in any way purport to amend any of the
terms and conditions of this End User License Agreement are hereby specifically
objected to and will be of no force or effect. Four Js will use commercially
reasonable efforts to meet the requested delivery availability dates and
quantities for any purchase order it accepts but reserves the right to reject
purchase orders. Upon acceptance of a purchase order and download of the
Licensed Software by Licensee or delivery of a Media Kit by Four Js, Four Js
shall provide Licensee with applicable software keys authorizing use of the
Licensed Software. Licensee will be responsible for installing the Licensed
Software on its computers as permitted under this End User License Agreement.
The Licensed Software will be deemed accepted upon delivery. If you are
installing the Licensed Software on behalf of the Licensee listed on a purchase
order, such Licensee must be the party clicking through the "I Accept" button
and agreeing to the terms of this End User License Agreement. If you do so on
behalf of Licensee, you and/or your organization shall be jointly bound by the
terms of this End User License Agreement and responsible for any breach hereof.


5. WARRANTIES

5.1 Performance

(a) For a period of sixty (60) days after shipment of the Licensed Software
(other than the "Class B" products defined in Section 10.2) to Licensee (the
"Software Warranty Period"), Four Js warrants that the Licensed Software, when
used as delivered by Four Js and as permitted under this End User License
Agreement and in accordance with the Documentation (including use on a computer
hardware and operating system platform supported by Four Js), will operate
substantially as described in the Documentation.

(b) For the "Class B" products defined in Section 10.2, Four Js makes no
warranties, express, implied or statutory. THE "CLASS B" PRODUCTS DEFINED ON
SECTION 10.2 ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS BASIS.

(c) Four Js does not warrant the Licensee's use of the Licensed Software will
be error free or uninterrupted. Four Js will, at its own expense and as its
sole obligation and Licensee's exclusive remedy for any breach of the above
warranty, use commercially reasonable efforts to correct or provide a workaround
for any reproducible error in the Licensed Software reported to Four Js by
Licensee in writing during the Software Warranty Period or, if Four Js
determines in its reasonable business judgment that it is commercially
impractical to correct the error or provide a workaround, Four Js will refund
to Licensee the license fee paid for the Licensed Software, in which case this
End User License Agreement and Licensee's right to use the Licensed Software
will be terminated. Any error correction, workaround or subsequent code delivery
provided to Licensee will not extend the original Software Warranty Period.

5.2 Disclaimers. THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS SECTION 5 ARE IN LIEU OF ALL
OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
Because some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of implied warranties,
this disclaimer may not apply to you. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS RELIED
ON NO WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS END USER LICENSE
AGREEMENT AND THAT FOUR JS SHALL NOT BE BOUND BY ANY WARRANTIES ARE MADE BY ANY
THIRD PARTY. This warranty gives you specific rights, and you may also have
other rights that vary by jurisdiction.


6. INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS

Four Js will defend at its own expense any action against Licensee brought by a
third party to the extent that the action is based upon a claim that the
Licensed Software infringes any such third party's U.S. copyrights or
misappropriates any such third party's trade secrets recognized as such under
the Uniform Trade Secret law, and Four Js will pay those costs and damages
finally awarded against Licensee in any such action that are specifically
attributable to such claim or those costs and damages agreed to in a monetary
settlement of such action. The foregoing obligations are conditioned on Licensee
notifying Four Js promptly in writing of such action, Licensee giving Four Js
sole control of the defense thereof and any related settlement negotiations, and
Licensee cooperating and, at Four Js' request and expense, assisting in such
defense. If the Licensed Software becomes, or in Four Js' opinion is likely to
become, the subject of an infringement claim, Four Js may, at its option and
expense, either (a) procure for Licensee the right to continue using the
Licensed Software, (b) replace or modify the Licensed Software so that it
becomes non-infringing, or (c) accept return of the Licensed Software and give
Licensee a refund for the License Fees paid by Licensee less a reasonable
allowance for the period of time Licensee has used the Licensed Software.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Four Js will have no obligation under this
Section 6 or otherwise with respect to any infringement claim based upon (i) any
use of the Licensed Software not in accordance with this End User License
Agreement or for purposes not intended by Four Js, (ii) any use of the Licensed
Software in combination with other products, equipment, software, or data not
supplied by Four Js to the extent such combination is the cause of any claim,
(iii) any use of any release of the Licensed Software other than the most
current release made available to Licensee, or (iv) any modification of the
Licensed Software by any person other than Four Js. THIS SECTION 6 STATES FOUR
JS' ENTIRE LIABILITY AND LICENSEE'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR INFRINGEMENT
CLAIMS AND ACTIONS.


7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

A. Exclusion of Certain Damages. IN NO EVENT WILL FOUR JS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
LOST DATA AND LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS END USER LICENSE
AGREEMENT. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to
you.

B. Liability Limitation. FOUR JS' TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF FEES
PAID TO FOUR JS HEREUNDER.

C. Critical Control Applications. THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY NUCLEAR, AVIATION, MASS TRANSIT OR MEDICAL APPLICATION OR
ANY OTHER INHERENTLY DANGEROUS APPLICATION THAT COULD RESULT IN DEATH, PERSONAL
INJURY, CATASTROPHIC DAMAGE OR MASS DESTRUCTION, AND LICENSEE AGREES THAT FOUR
JS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY NATURE AS A RESULT OF ANY SUCH USE OF THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE.

D. Allocation of Risk. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FEES PAID HEREUNDER
REFLECT THE ALLOCATION OF RISK SET FORTH IN THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND
THAT FOUR JS WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE
LIMITATIONS ON ITS LIABILITY. IN ADDITION, LICENSEE DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF
ANY KIND OF FOUR JS' SUPPLIERS.


8. TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 Term. The term of this End User License Agreement will begin on the
Effective Date and will continue indefinitely unless terminated pursuant to
Section 8.2.

8.2 Termination. Licensee may terminate this End User License Agreement at any
time, with or without cause, upon written notice to Four Js. This End User
License Agreement will automatically terminate if (a) Licensee breaches any
provision in Section 3 or Section 9.1, or (b) Licensee breaches any other
provision of this End User License Agreement and does not cure the breach within
thirty (30) days after receiving written notice thereof from Four Js.

8.3 Effects of Termination. Upon termination of this End User License Agreement
for any reason, (i) all license rights granted in this End User License
Agreement will immediately cease to exist, (ii) Licensee must promptly
discontinue all use of the Licensed Software, erase all copies of the Licensed
Software from Licensee's computers, and return to Four Js all copies of the
Licensed Software and Documentation on tangible media in Licensee's possession
or control and certify in writing to Four Js that it has fully complied with
these requirements, and (iii) (for Licensees of the "Class A" products defined
in Section 10.1 only) Licensee must promptly discontinue the use, reproduction,
and distribution of the Redistributables. Except under the provisions of Section
5.1(c) and 6(c) of this End User License Agreement, Licensee shall not be
entitled to any refund of any amounts paid for Licensed Software. Sections 1
("Definitions"), 3 ("Restrictions on Use"), 5 ("Warranties"), 7 ("Limitation of
Liability"), 8.3 ("Effects of Termination"), and 9 ("General") of this End User
License Agreement will survive termination for any reason.


9. GENERAL

9.1 Proprietary Rights. As between the parties, the parties acknowledge that the
Licensed Software and Documentation, and all worldwide intellectual property
rights therein, are the exclusive property of Four Js and its suppliers. All
rights in and to the Licensed Software not expressly granted to Licensee in this
End User License Agreement are reserved by Four Js and its suppliers. Without
limiting the foregoing, no license to use the trademarks or trade names of Four
Js or its suppliers is granted hereby. Licensee will not remove, alter, or
obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright notices) of Four Js or its
suppliers on the Licensed Software or the Documentation. Licensee acknowledges
that the Licensed Software contains Confidential Information and valuable trade
secrets and proprietary information of Four Js, that any actual or threatened
breach of Section 3 or Sections 9.1 or 9.2 will constitute immediate,
irreparable harm to Four Js for which monetary damages would be an inadequate
remedy, and that injunctive relief is an appropriate remedy for such breach. The
parties also acknowledge that the License Activation Key is the exclusive
property of Licensee.

9.2 Confidentiality. "Confidential Information" means all information disclosed
by the one party (the "Disclosing Party") to the other party (the "Receiving
Party"), including, without limitation, any and all information or proprietary
materials (in every form and media) which have been or are hereafter disclosed
and which are not generally known in the relevant trade or industry.
Confidential Information includes, without limitation, all trade secrets and
intellectual property rights, and all existing or contemplated products and
planned features, business plans, pricing, discounts, market research data,
whether containing historic, current or future-related information, the Licensed
Software (including any bugs or errors therein), and Documentation.
"Confidential Information" shall not include information that: (a) is public or
becomes known to the public through no breach of an obligation of
confidentiality by the Receiving Party, (b) is independently developed by the
Receiving Party with no access to the Disclosing Party's Confidential
Information or (c) is received from a third party not as a result of any breach
of any party's breach of confidentiality obligation. The Receiving Party may
disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to the extent such
disclosure is required by law, court order or order of a governmental agency
with jurisdiction; provided that the Receiving Party notifies the Disclosing
Party prior to such disclosure and gives the Disclosing Party a reasonable
opportunity to seek a protective order or to contest such requirement. The
Receiving Party shall treat all Confidential Information as strictly
confidential, and shall use the same care to prevent disclosure of such
information as such party uses with respect to its own confidential information,
which shall in no event be less than a reasonable degree of care. The Receiving
Party shall: (aa) disclose such Confidential Information to (i) only those
authorized employees and directors of the Receiving Party whose duties justify
their need to know such information and who have agreed in writing to maintain
the confidential and/or proprietary status of such Confidential Information; or
(ii) only those third parties required for the performance of the Receiving
Party's obligations under the End User License Agreement pursuant to a written
agreement containing provisions as least as protective as the confidentiality
provisions herein; and (bb) use such Confidential Information only in connection
with the furtherance of the End User License Agreement and for the benefit of
both parties thereto.

9.3 Privacy Notice. The Licensed Software automatically communicates with
Four Js servers to check for software updates such as patches, bug fixes,
upgrades or other improvements. You agree that the Licensed Software may
automatically check and notify You of the presence of such improvements.
You may opt out of this service. If you would like to learn more about the
information we send, please visit https://4js.com/updates/.

9.4 Compliance with Laws. Licensee will comply with all applicable export and
import control laws and regulations in its use of the Licensed Software and, in
particular, Licensee will not export or re-export the Licensed Software without
all required United States and foreign government licenses. Licensee will
defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Four Js from and against any violation of
such laws or regulations by Licensee or any of its agents, officers, directors,
or employees.

9.5 Assignments. Licensee may not assign or transfer, by operation of law or
otherwise, any of its rights or obligations under this End User License
Agreement (including its licenses with respect to the Licensed Software) to any
third party without Four Js' prior written consent except pursuant to a merger,
sale, acquisition, corporate reorganization or other change of control event of
Licensee in its entirety. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of
the foregoing will be void. Four Js may transfer or assign this End User
License Agreement in connection with any merger, sale, acquisition,
consolidation, corporate reorganization or change of control event, including
sale of any or all of the assets to which this End User License Agreement might
relate.

9.6 U.S. Government End Users. If Licensee is a branch or agency of the United
States Government, the following provision applies. The Licensed Software and
Documentation are comprised of "commercial computer software" and "commercial
computer software documentation" as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212
(SEPT 1995) and are provided to the Government (i) for acquisition by or on
behalf of civilian agencies, consistent with the policy set forth in 48 C.F.R.
12.212; or (ii) for acquisition by or on behalf of units of the Department of
Defense, consistent with the policies set forth in 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 (JUN
1995) and 27.7202-3 (JUN 1995).

9.7 Notices. All notices, consents and approvals under this End User License
Agreement must be delivered in writing by courier, by electronic facsimile
(fax), or by certified or registered mail, (postage prepaid and return receipt
requested) to the other party, and will be effective upon receipt or three (3)
business days after being deposited in the mail as required above, whichever
occurs sooner.

9.8 Governing Law and Venue. This End User License Agreement will be governed by
the laws of California, as such laws apply to contracts between California
residents to be performed entirely within California. The United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to
this End User License Agreement. You agree that any action or proceeding arising
from or relating to this End User License Agreement brought by you must be
brought in a court in California , and each party irrevocably submits to the
jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such action or proceeding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) You consent to entry and execution of any
judgment against You in any jurisdiction where You conduct or maintain business
or assets; and, (ii) You agree that Four Js may bring an action against You in
any jurisdiction it elects for the purpose of enforcing its rights under this
End User License Agreement and/or related to its intellectual property rights.

9.9 Remedies. Except as provided in Sections 5 and 6 above, the parties' rights
and remedies under this End User License Agreement are cumulative. If any legal
action is brought to enforce this End User License Agreement, the prevailing
party will be entitled to receive its attorneys' fees, court costs and other
collection expenses, in addition to any other relief it may receive.

9.10 Maintenance or Support. Four Js is not required to provide any maintenance
or support services to any party under this End User License Agreement.
Maintenance and support, to the extent offered, shall be under a separate
Service Level Agreement.

9.11 Miscellaneous. All waivers must be in writing. Any waiver or failure to
enforce any provision of this End User License Agreement on one occasion will
not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other
occasion. If any provision of this End User License Agreement is unenforceable,
such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of
such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the
remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. The headings of
sections of this End User License Agreement are for convenience and are not to
be used in interpreting this End User License Agreement. As used in this End
User License Agreement, the word "including" means "including but not limited
to." This End User License Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties regarding the subject hereof and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous agreements, understandings, and communication, whether written
or oral. This End User License Agreement may be amended only by a written
document originally signed in ink by both parties.


10. PRODUCTS

10.1 "Class A" products are the products primarily used for development
purposes.

10.2 "Class B" products are the products primarily used to deploy applications
developed with "Class A" products.
